Purity is very important. And the purity is again what that means. Purity means this again as we
said yesterday or as I said yesterday and you, we did this moment to you, this all start this
visualization from great wisdom and compassion.
So now what we visualize all this very powerful meditation of the White Umbrella is it should be
meditation on the wisdom and compassion, the United Truth.
So it is all compassion. It is all wisdom. And that means also transcendental wisdom as a rainbow
body. It is wisdom.
And then of course like all those different things like three eyes and also for that those are
different symbols.
Those are the way to usher us to the purity status. But deep down we should just simplify it is
this meditation is compassion, this meditation is wisdom, this meditation is beyond the duality and
the restructures.
This is what it is. And therefore bring that purity in the status. Then second the thought is
stable. Stable is very very again important.
And that means there is two stables. Stable of our concentrations and stable of our confidence.
Confidence is important because we are not going to think I cannot be this, I am not that or I am
pretending this.
This is not stable. This means our confidence is weak. We are going to embrace this as it is.
It is our true being. True Buddha nature is manifested in the white umbrella. And now she is. I am
she. I am truly she.
Absolutely she. And I am that God. Have that confidence.
This confidence what in the teaching said in the very energy is called regular pride. This is
regular pride. This pride is not good.
Always teach. This is one of the negative emotions in pride. But this is very important because we
are making true statement what we are truly true.
Our Buddha nature we are more bring to the Buddhist status. Therefore we should that is a regular
pride. And that is confidence.
We have to keep maintain that. And we have that confidence that the regular pride with the purity
understand that combined together.
Even our visualization is not so place or bright or that. Then the result manifest result will come
. And that's what all masters say.
In great you realize that the concentration will become clear to you. And therefore this meditation
is so special.
Virtualization is union of the meditator of skillful means and the person of mind. Or compassion of
the person of trouble is so spare.
And therefore immediately we are connecting through the origin of our inheritance call address
without interfering by the dualities or the negativities.
We are right in the center. Center of that state. And that is very very important.
And this is again with that meditation every recited mantra.
Then recited mantra is then our transforming our speech into the regular speech into her speech.
So I will now transform our body into her body state or origin our natural state or not just say
here actually in here also.
You see this I think maybe I could highlight here. Here in very three years the moment I recollect
it into the primordial in several wisdom in the Samaya beings.
That means there is no two separate meditators and what do you meditate. You are in that state.
That's it. You are in that state.
To embrace that therefore as I say now we need confidence. We need the vagabaritis. We shouldn't
feel that.
If we have that confidence then negativities all those transcendent all those obscuring what to
talk then it just become almost what's called piece of cake.
All become physical cakes. It's yummy. It's yummy. It is glorifying the power and the dignity and
the majesty of me.
It is all. It's just all added. As there is big fire burning no matter how much you put or whatever
.
It's kind of it makes more fire. That's what is similar to this. And with that I understand it and
the recited mantra.
Recited mantra starts forming our speech as has speech.
Speech has speech. It's true speech. And a Western speech. Compaqing speech. And that will dispel
all the then obscurations, obstacles, hindrance and the force of speech on truth.
And then the move over. And this is the most powerful again. Speech is generally more powerful.
Speech is connected with talent to the wind. That's why again I take you over and say when you
receive the empowerment.
All this speech empowerment remove the wind obscurations.
Wind is more stronger than this tangible mass thing. Of course we are more kind of connected with
these forms.
But wind is so powerful and the speech is so powerful it goes subtle.
There is semi, semi, semi visible or semi invisible states. Therefore it goes deeper, deeper.
And they were transcendenting all the song and the speech as has speech.
And recited this mantra as much as you have time. Then I bring to you this mantra.
Mantra. Then here. Here they didn't have exactly the hard one.
Which is the completing stages of Zokki meditation. Going right to the R status.
And they didn't really have the practice because the center is short.
But the Grand Master Chiang Moo Moo said here.
Said here, here this is what it is.
Said in this colorful here. This is after the Chiang Moo mantra.
After this, this is very important. And so now we practice it on her body, her speech.
Now we have to highlight about her worst mind.
And her worst mind is then here. Again it's as I said, it's going back to the us level as all this
meditation begins.
And this is after this practice look to my own mind.
Clearly, calmly, turn inward. There is nothing to see. Even though.
Yeah, this is inward. After this very practices look to your own mind.
Clearly, calmly, turn inwardly. There is nothing to see.
See, and that is roughly translations.
Then the meditator after that, meditator look directly to your one's own mind.
Directly, there is nothing to see.
Abiding that state clearly or brilliantly. Abiding that state brilliantly.
That is, then we are highlighting to her worst mind of the white amarena.
And then meditator, that is joking meditator. Relax. This is very, in the Tibet, it's really
beautiful.
When you meditate, if you can think of this world, and then just relax.
And that's it again, as I said before. This assures us to back to that crucial level.
Exhiling that level. And relax. There is nothing to make effort now.
Nothing to make go over and over again. Yes, everything is in that state.
And it relax. And it rest. And that is the absolute state of the white mother amarena.
This is known as then, actualizing her warrior mind.
So her warrior body, her warrior speech, and her warrior mind. Now we complete it.
And that is the principle practices. That is the central practice.
All the, as I said, there's three frames, three volumes.
The first one is the raffled in bodhicata with devotion, prayers, and joy, appreciation.
And the middle one is then this practice acts. And then that we complete.
Now the third volume is the dedication in aspirating prayers.
And we practice this with joy, with bodhicata, with good intention.
Now we are going to also conclude, finish and touch this with beautiful intention as we start it.
And that is known as the dedication prayers. Dedicating.
Dedicating is the statement of the good heart.
With job and kindness and compassion, we can best to all the beings by my practice, by my effort,
and to me.
And then also aspiration by this. May I fulfill all the good bodhicata activities.
All every good bodhicata activities. Every don't know.
And where the magicki and some of the other bodhisattvas fulfill their bodhicata aspiration.
And as they are working, as they are praying, I am joining with them that I like to be fulfilled
the same way I like to do the same way as.
All great master shanti devas and great master papa rumba ji or chanmi rumba ji.
All those great master, their aspirations, their activities, their intentions.
May I be fulfilled the same way and may I benefit them to solve all the things.
From now, until everyone reach the enlightenment, long-lasting aspiration prayer and dedicated
prayer is the way to end our practice in the teaching of the Buddhas.
That session, end of the session, that's how we end it.
And that we completed perfectly, started perfectly, and practiced perfectly, and concluded
perfectly.
And then everything is really good.
With that intention, that thought, and then carried to the world.
And of course, again, in the beginning of time, our practitioners, ourself, which is due to the
power of the emotions, there is always an up and a down.
But always trying to regain the mindfulness and our practices and then just really trying to move
forward.
And ex-choose, forgive, passion, joy. Are we able to do those things? That is practice.
It's not something that we are doing extra beside the practice.
If we forgive, we ex-choose, we acknowledge, we say sorry.
All those ways, we are fulfilling our bodhicitta things.
And open heart, open mind, and move forward, keep the courage and commitment, and keep our
principles.
Principle, the practices. And that is the way the practitioner should be.
And that is the legacy of all those great masters that we know.
No, so that's how we conclude the practices.
Thank you. Thank you.